---
date: 1964-09-22
placename: City, village # if mentioned
location: lon,lat # geocode :point_up:
language: en, es
image: img/xxx.png # image that can describe the post
reference: scan/xxx.png #reference to the scanned paper, can be multiple pages, use `,` as separator.
description: Short blurb about the gist of the post.
who:

---

Sept. 22, 1964

Tuesday

It was a misty morning.  The fog was
biting on my skin.  Outside, the noise
of busy locomotion could be heard as they
dispersed on the dusty road.

"Pass all the notebooks. One, two
three, late notebooks will not be ac-
cepted"! shouted Mrs. Modelo as her 
faced blushed.

It was our examination day 
for Pilipino.  Mrs. Modelo got mad
for one of my classmate was
murmuring.  We should have been 
given enough time to answer our
test if not for her ire.

Mrs. Pajaganos (devil) did
not allow~~ed~~ me to resume my test
in Spanish.  She was angry at 
me for failure to her permis-
sion in going iut of the room.  She
got my notebook and told me
go home.  She insulted me and
called me ill-mannered.  I could not
accept that it was my fault.  It
was the fault of circumstance.  The
epsidoe was so confusive.

After she had told us to re-
turn to test two I immed-
iately exit from the room due to
my dire need of personal necessi-
ty .  I had been feeling like mix-
turation in my organ.  My abdomen 
seemed to burst as I tried to
stop mixturation of water waste.
It was so intense that I forgot
to ask permission from her in
going out.  She had not been in-
formed that I was suffering kid-
ney trouble.  That, moments should
not be tarried as it it would for
sure aggravate my ailment.  It 
was not really my fault but it
was the fault of circumstance.

"I loathe her."  She gave a mental
disturbance to me.

Elle is muy male maestra.  Ella
es demonia en mi velada y ella tonta
loka.
